3.14 Security and confidentiality
The safe handling of Data is essential to ICICI Bank's continuing operation, particularly as  the business expands. The modern business environment requires ever more robust  systems to ensure the security of Personal Data, and the implementation of such systems is  a vital tool in the management of our business. By keeping Personal Data secure we  protect the interests of the business, itS employees and its customers.
The Bank has an obligation to ensure that appropriate security measures are put in place  to protect personal information against unauthorised and unlawful processing, accidental  lost, destruction, misuse, disclosure or corruption.
Employees are responsible to ensure that personal information is held securely and is not  disclosed to any unauthorised third party.
Maintaining data security means guaranteeing the confidentiality, integrity and availability  of personal data, defined as follows:
confidentiality means that only people who are authorised to use the data can access  it;
integrity means that personal data should be accurate and suitable for the purpose for  which it is processed; and
availability means that authorised users should be able to access the data if they need  it for authorised purposes.
Access to information and computer systems shall be on a strictly "need to know" basis,  and the level of security that should be applied to confidential information, including  personal data, will vary with the sensitivity of information in question.
Each business area must ensure that its electronically stored Personal Data is secure.  Access must be restricted and files should be password-protected as appropriate.
Personal Data stored in paper form must be kept secure. It must be stored in lockable  cabinets with possession of keys controlled and restricted as appropriate. Contracts with  off-site archive facilities must contain adequate measures to ensure security and  confidentiality. 

Refer the updated Information Security Policy of the Bank for further guidance on data  security and confidentiality measured adopted by the Bank, available on Bank's Intranet.
Data MIS requests to BIU and use of Hot Folder
The Bank has Seclore based file encryption system as an automated process for transfer of  data files from BIU server in India to a folder hosted in UK File Server. All staff members  requiring simple read access need not install any Seclore client software for accessing data  shared by BIU. However in case there are requirements to modify, delete and forward /  store data, employees would need to install Seclore client.. Additionally, ICICI Bank UK has  created a 'Hot Folder' on shared drive (172.24.40.27) with the name "Seclore_UK" Any  file placed in this folder will be Seclore protected. All staff members must use this folder  to save the data generated irrespective of its source i.e. BIU, sales CRM, branch  generated, etc.
Further, as per the process defined under the DPIA process, any data request being sent to  BIU which includes personal data of customers needs to be first sent for approval to the DPO. Employees should attach the approval received from DPO when raising a Service  Request (SR) in the system for BIU to extract the data. BIU to act on the SR upon  verification of DP0 approval.
Refer Appendix 4 on the process note for accessing customer data internally.
Live Data should not be used in systems testing unless unavoidable and with the knowledge and prior consent of IT Security and the Data Protection Officer.