3.2 Data Protection Terminology
A number of terms in this Policy have strict meanings under Data Protection Legislation,  and where these terms are used in this document they should be read as defined by Data  Protection Legislation.
Data subjects for the purpose of this Policy include all living individuals about whom we  hold personal data. A data subject need not be a UK national or resident. Al data subjects  have legal rights in relation to their personal data.  

Consent a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the wishes of a  data subject in the form of a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifying an  agreement on how his/ her personal data should be processed.
Personal data means data relating to a living individual whom can be identified from that  data (or from that data and other information in our possession). Personal data can be  factual (such as a name, address or date of birth) or it can be an opinion about the  individual. Information about companies or public authorities is not personal data.  However, information about individuals acting as sole traders, employees, partners and  company directors where they are individually identifiable and the information relates to  them as an individual may constitute personal data. A name and a corporate email address  clearly relates to a particular individual and is therefore personal data.
Data controllers determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, personal  information is to be processed. Note there can be more than one data controller in certain  instances. ICICI Bank is data controller of certain personal data used in our business (such  as that relating to its clients and staff).
Data processors  means any organisation or legal entity that prOcesses personal data on  behalf of a data controller (such as suppliers, service providers or other third parties). This  may be an individual or an organisation and the processing may be carried out jointly or in
common with other persons.
Processing is any activity that involves use of personal data. It includes obtaining,  recording or holding the data, or carrying out any operation or set of operations on the  data including organising, amending, retrieving, using, disclosing, erasing or destroying it.  Processing also includes transferring personal data to third parties.
Special categories of personal data (previously sensitive personal data) means information  about a person's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical belief,  trade union membership, genetic or biometric data, health, sex life or sexual orientation.  While personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security  measures are treated separately under Data Protection Legislation, they shall be treated
as special categories of personal data for the purposes of this Policy.
The Information Commissioner's Office (|CO) The ICO is the UK's independent authority set up to uphold information rights in the public  interest, promoting openness by public bodies and data privacy for individuals. The ICo  has the power to enforce the Data Protectíon Legislation, investigate breaches and  commence legal proceedings.