3.24 Data Protection Breaches
If you lose or suspect you have lost any confidential information (whether or not  containing personal data), a laptop, blackberry, iPhone, iPad or any other device that  contains or permits access to any of ICICI Bank's or individuals' confidential information, (whether or not the device is owned by ICICI Bank), you must take the following steps:
notify the DPO througha telephone call or an email without any undue delay and under  any circumstances not beyond 24 hours of discovery of a data breach incident;
provide as much detail as you can about the information, data and/or device that has  potentially been lost or stolen;
obtain a crime reference number, if requested; and
provide any assistance and follow any instructions requested internally.
ICICI Bank has a direct obligation to report any data security breach incident to the ICo  within 72 hours of becoming aware of it.
Consequences of failure to comply with the data protection requirements
Any breach of the data protection requirements may result in reputational damage to ICICI Bank and the consequential loss of confidence in ICICI Bank's ability to process Personal  Data responsibly and securely could lead to lost revenue which far outweighs the  immediate legal or regulatory punishment.
Under Part 6 of the UK GDPR Act, there are two tiers of penalty that shall be levied on an  enterprise for an infringement or violation of Part 3 of the Act -the higher maximum and
the standard maximum.
Higher Maximum Penalty - The higher maximum amount, is £17.5 million or 4% of the  total annual worldwide turnover in the preceding financial year, whichever is higher. In  practice, the higher maximum amount can apply to any failure to comply with any of the  data protection principles, any rights an individual may have under Part 3 or in relation to  any transfers of data to third countries.
Standard Maximum Penalty -If there is an infringement of other provisions, such as  administrative requirements of the legislation, the standard maximum amount will apply,  which is £8.7 million or 2% of the total annual worldwide turnover in the preceding  financial year, whichever is higher.
With regard to the provisions of GDPR, there are a number of specific offences. Those  most relevant to ICICI Bank are:
Processing without notification;
Failure to notify the Information Commissioner of changes to notification;
Failure to comply with an enforcement notice or information notice issued by the  Information Commissioner;
Knowingly or recklessly making a false statement in connection with one of these  notices;
Intentional obstruction of, or failure to give reasonable assistance in, the execution  of a warrant in relation to the above:
Knowingly or recklessly obtaining or disclosing Personal Data or procuring the  disclosure of Personal Data. Exceptions to this exist where it is necessary to  prevent or detect crime, required by law, where the Data Controller reasonably  believes he has a right to do so, or where it is in the public interest to do so;
Unlawful selling of Personal Data; and
Enforced subject access (forcing an individual to exercise his right of subject access  as a condition of recruitment, continued employment or receiving goods, facilities  or services).
All of these offences, with the exception of obstruction in the execution of a warrant, may  be tried in a magistrate's court or crown court. Both ICICI Bank and the individual staff  involved may be prosecuted, depending on the nature of the offence.
In addition, the nformation Commissioner may require ICICI Bank to undertake remedial  action before it continues to process the Personal Data. Where ordered by the court or the  Information Commissioner, ICiCI Bank will respond promptly to any order requiring the  rectification, blocking, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Data protection breach reporting process
Any suspected or actual data security breach should be reported immediately to the  Line Manager, Head of the Business, Data Protection Officer and / or his designated  Data Protection Manager.
The Data Protection Officer will keep accurate records of all material data protection and  security breaches, their impact and outcome. Any breach or suspected breach, even if it  occurred sometime in the past and has since been rectified, should be reported to ICO  without undue delay unless the breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and  freedoms of the individuals. There is a maximum of 72 hours after becoming aware of the  data breach to make the report to the ICO.
The following scenarios are examples only, but typical of the incidents of which the  Compliance Department and IT Security must be informed:
A customer or non-customer complains that they have received an application and/or  other documentation that belongs to another person;
A customer complains that they have found a loophole in our security procedures;
A customer complains that they are receiving unsolicited e-mails; and
Incorrect personal information is showing when the customer services their  account/receives documentation from ICICI Bank.
Procedures for management of Data Breaches.
All Data Controllers have a responsibility under the GDPR to ensure appropriate and  proportionate security of the personal data they hold. When external organisations such as  ICICI Bank limited (the Parent Bank) or other outsourced vendors process customer data on  behalf of the UK Bank, they will normally act as data processors. GDPR places direct  obligations on data processors. Alongside these obligations the data subjects (the customers) can enforce their rights directiy against data processors. The enforcement  regime lays the non-compliant data processors open to sanctions and penalties.
The guidance provided below is designed to assist in deciding on an appropriate curse of  action if a breach occurs.